so welcome to me but you are riding a
train station and probably you're going
to leave the Euro your suitcase is in
the back check so let's go there and
then I will show you our hard to get the
train or to go to compare your kalanjiam
or Sorento let's go
Sonia came Albert of the platformer and
over the right inside in theater the
train station decimate gone out and just
behind the McDonald's others the back
check
let's go on the angle so here we are at
the station the train station and and
when you read the policy called bag IE
soy means luggage check so actually just
down the corridor there's the luggage
check and the fee for every lecture that
you live in here is free year 0.8 et /
the first for the first six hours and
then everyone word plus is 60 cents a
euro
so now you let your face and we go
together to get the train up for
Sorrento compare kalanjiam but it is on
the other side of a train station let's
go
just behind me here we have the ticket
office of the children we should be on a
train that is the training taking to
Sorento is a lustful when passing for
Pompeii in their kalanjiam as well
that's not to buy the ticket after
buying the ticket you go just found here
on Mosta exit at the exit of the train
station and downstairs where the user
the platform for the Train
you